can you see me can you hear me
always the first question
how are we today presuming you can see
me and hear me looks like you should be
able to see me
and it actually looks like you should be
able to hear me
but we are on a low latency so I have to
wait a second before there's any
confirmation and then we go into the
usual intro spiel
perfect I can be seen I can be heard I'm
Brittany this is Wei ying and welcome to
gay watch where we watch gay things
today we are reading more of Moda zushev
volume three we are getting towards the
other end of the cave scene and we're
kind of coming right out of it and
considering that I never know when this
book is going to hop backwards or
forwards but I'm still waiting for the
book to hop backwards because at the end
of volume 2 was when uh you know way
with Shan finally realized his big gay
feelings so I would like to get like
back there but I also love where we are
because it's some of like the best [__]
if you couldn't tell I've seen the
Untamed but I have not read the book
before and so in that respect the book
is new the show is not
um so this is more of a reading reaction
situation than any kind of audiobook
professional anything at all
um considering I know what's coming but
I don't really
it's still amazing how faithful
um the show
has been though structure aside
it's kind of incredible and that
actually makes for the surprises and the
differences like
even better
somehow because you know they were able
to put in a lot okay
ah
we always give people a couple of
minutes to get the to get the signal and
the notification that a live stream is
happening so that they can come on in
and then after that we um we just read
we uh we take a break about halfway
through for about 10 to 15 minutes so
that I can get up and stretch my back
and everybody can get up and do
something because we usually go to about
4 30 or 4 45.
and um
I think that's it until we actually
start it's almost 305.
so that may be that may be it I thought
I was doing such great time I thought I
was on top of it I was standing around
going I've got like 15 minutes left this
is so great did I have a stitch of
makeup on no
so this is the speed this is the speed
makeup today
because there's there's no way I could
be totally prepared for one of these
streams that that would be um that would
be weird at this point
ah
it's 7 A.M Where You Are
why
is why
is my question
I could not be conscious at 7am
if you drag me out of bed
no way no
also pardon any coughing
it's a
um it's slowly
getting better as it is want to do but I
had asthma when I was a kid so when I
get a cough the cough sticks around and
it sounds really bad but it's just my
asthma being a [__] one of these days
I'll be able to afford an inhaler
I try my best to keep the keep the
coughing angled away but it's just a
thing you can't get around so I've given
up trying
so it's now 306. people have had a
couple few minutes to go ahead and get
on in we are didn't we end somewhere
like really convenient yeah we're at uh
chapter 12.
which is called sendu the three poisons
that's not leaping that's not bringing
anything immediately to mind
um but it has been a couple of few
months since I've done a re-watch so
this could be something that's like
right on the nose and I'm just not
seeing it
it is
page 85
and
we usually get about 40 pages
um
per thing so actually
yeah we should get through part one of
chapter 12 today
that's the goal
alrighty I gotta get back into
because when you're currently obsessed
with the Korean show and then you go and
you read a book that's translated from
Chinese with a bunch of Chinese names
you really have to switch the brain
I'm getting used to it weirdly enough
but you really have to switch the brain
okay
he never did catch the name of that song
the buzzing in his ears was ceaseless
blood rushed to his aching head and the
fever burned every limb and Joint sore
when he woke again the first thing
weibusin saw was not the pitch black
ceiling of the underground cave nor Lan
Wang ji's pale and handsome face instead
he saw a wooden board with drawings of
silly little kissy faces
it was graffiti he'd scribbled on the
wooden headboard of his bed at Lotus
Pier he was lying in his own bed
gen Yun Lee
a goddess sat next to him reading with
her head lowered but when she noticed
him awake her mild brows immediately
arched in Surprise Ashia and she cried
and delighted she put down her book CJ
where we wishen responded in kind he
strained to sit up his body wasn't
feverish anymore but it was still weak
and his throat was a little dry
I'm back he asked when did I get out of
the cave was it James
was it Jiang shushu
who came with reinforcements to rescue
me where's lanjen Zhang Chung the wooden
door opened and Zhang Chung walked in
with a white porcelain pot in his hand
stop that racket He barked away wushin
then turned to gen Yun Lee
gee I brought over the soup you made the
soup
the soup it's fine I'm okay we're all
emotionally attached to soup in this
fandom all right
I don't I don't make the rules that is
just a thing that you learn when you get
into this series
you're gonna cry over soup
that's how it goes
welcome to Moda sushi
a lot
we're batting a thousand on
pronunciation today
took the pot and ladled out a bowl of
its contents way with Shan beckoned him
Jang Chung you little [__] come here why
so you can kneel and thank me and drink
drink snap back you took seven days were
you trying to kill me well did you die
then who am I talking to boys
boys
it only takes five days at most to get
back to Young mung from Mount Mushi are
you stupid
you only counted the time it took to get
back here not the time spent trekking
back again to collect you and after
returning to mount Mushi I still had to
lead a bunch of people all over the
mountain to search for that old Banyan
Tree then dig out the hole When Chow
filled in you should be crying tears of
gratitude that I rescued you in only
seven days
upon reflection
was struck speechless he really had
forgotten to consider the return trip
because that is what he is
he is so unbelievably smart and yet so
unbelievably stupid
it's not unlike Markiplier actually now
that I think about it
I guess that sounds right but why didn't
lanjen remind me he gets irritated
enough at the mere side of you you
expect him to always listen to
everything you say
James Chung pointed out point taken
having finished laterallying out a
portion of soup Jian Lee delivered the
ball into weibusan's hands the soup was
piping hot and steamed with a rich
delicious Aroma it had chunks of lotus
roots and pork ribs both slow cooked
until the Skins were mouth-wateringly
soft and pink
we wish and hadn't eaten for days while
trapped in the cave so we couldn't get
back on solid food yet making soup
perfect
he thinks she Jam
then hugged the bowl close and started
gobbling down the content
where's lanjan he was rescued too right
he asked is he ate is he here or did he
go back home to gusu
obviously Jang Jung replied it's not
like he's from our family so why would
he come here of course he went back to
gusu he went back alone way with Shane
asked his home in gusu before he could
finish Jang fengmian entered the room
wait with Shannon put down his bowl and
greeted him aloud Jing shishu
you can remain seated Jang fengman said
gen Yun Lee passed away with Shana
handkerchief to wipe his mouth with is
the soup good we wishen didn't take the
handkerchief but instead dramatically
puckered his lips while squinting
happily super good
don't you have a hands Jang Chung
scolded
genuinely chuckled as she wiped away
with Shane's mouth and Chin for him then
cheerfully exited the room with the
dirty dishes
Jank thank me and sat down where she had
been and glanced at the white porcelain
pot like he also wanted to taste
unfortunately Jane Yen Lee had taken the
bull with her
and none for Dad
apparently
which even though you know he's nicer to
ushan than Mom
he still comes with his own problems you
know what I mean
hello
there we go Father James said are the
ones still refusing to return our swords
Jing fangney and Tori's gaze away from
the pot
they are currently celebrating
celebrating what Wei wushan asked
celebrating Wen Chao who single-handedly
slew the shran Wu of Slaughter Jing
fenwing replied when he heard this Wei
Wu Shan almost fell out of bed the wens
killed it
Jing trans snorted how else did you
think the official story would go were
you expecting them to say you killed it
I mean let's be real that way we should
Shameless when dogs spewing nonsense fat
it was clearly off by lanjan
it's not even that he's
he's hang on
gay moment Hang on we're we're absorbing
and reflecting
he's angry
he's angry on Legend's behalf
not even him although this is like also
so trademark
ENT we're having a couple of moments
we're having a couple of moments right
now
ah
this boy
Jane fed me and curled his lips in a
soft smile
is that right what a coincidence the
second young Master of the land family
told me you slew it so who was it
exactly
I guess it was a combined effort
weirushan said doubtfully but he was the
one who dealt the Fatal blow all I did
was sneak into the Yao Beast shell and
scare it out
now we're having a whole other [__]
different moment God damn it
Legend waited outside for it all by
himself and wore it down for six
straight hours before it finally died so
did you
down playing your own
we're okay we're fine we're peaceful
he gave Jang Chung and his father a
summary of the main events of their time
Underground Jing Chung wore a
complicated expression as he listened
and it took some time before he could
manage a reply
pretty much the same as line Wang ji's
version give it both accounts it's
obvious you two killed the Beast
together
what is yours is yours why give him all
the credit I'm not wait with Shan said I
just think that in comparison I really
didn't put in that much effort
you were like dead you know I'm done
talking to you
jinxing me and nodded well done but
slaying a colossal four centuries-old
Yao beast at the age of 17 was a feat
worthy of more than a mere well done
yes congratulations to you said Jing
Chong
his tone was rather odd but seeing his
crossed arms and arched brows wait with
Shane could tell that he was just being
sour again Zhang Chung had to be feeling
both insecure and troubled right now
fussing over why he hadn't been the one
who stayed behind to slay the owl beast
and how he would definitely have done
this or that if he'd stayed
laughed out loud too bad you weren't
around or you'd get credit too and you
could have chatted with me to help me
with my boredom my God I nearly died
from boredom whiling away the days
sitting face to face with lanjan
it serves you right Zhang Chung's golden
you shouldn't have rushed to the
Forefront and you shouldn't have
bothered with this crap if you hadn't
started it in the first place
suddenly interrupted realizing he'd gone
too far Jing Chun froze for a moment and
quiet and quickly quieted jengthenmian
did not appear reproachful but his
expression had turned from column to
solemn do you understand exactly how you
want to stray with your words Jang Chung
hung his head yes
we wish and tried to Defuse The
Situation
he's just letting off some steam nothing
serious
seeing seeing that Zhang Chung's words
didn't really match what was in his
heart
oh that's a rarity
I cough all the time on stream I rarely
sneeze my bad
and of course you know once he's sends
me all the way of course
seeing that seeing that Zhang Chung's
words didn't really match what was in
his heart and that he still looked
rather indignant Ching fang man shook
his head achang some things shouldn't be
so easily said even when angry saying
such things demonstrates your lack of
understanding of the giant clan of young
Monk's motto you did not a woman's sharp
cold voice came from outside the door
you're right he doesn't understand but
what does it matter as long as Wei Yin
gets it
she this Madam okay Madame you is the
[__] embodiment of the worst person
you know has a point
you know
it's like you don't want to give her a
[__] inch because of so many reasons
and just her Manner and the way she
treats her children and the way she and
all of the way you know about her is
just awful but she has good points she
has very good you know reasoning most of
the time
but you really don't want to side with
her because she's so [__] infuriating
about it and she's so like
cruel about it
she does not need to be
so mean
when making her points
but she's brutal every single [__]
time
it's it's oh it's fascinating
and infuriating but you know
like a streak of purple lightning Madame
you swept in with a blast of cold wind
she stood about five steps away from Wei
Wu Shen's bed browse arched High we got
a lot of arched brows in these past
couple pages
attempt The Impossible well isn't he the
perfect example she exclaimed he knows
perfectly well what might invite trouble
on our family but he still provokes it
my mouth doesn't want to do it
not bad maybe one day I'll marry those
two words gen fingman said why are you
here
why am I here Madam you spat what a
laugh I can't believe I'm being
questioned like this dissect leader Jang
recall that I am the Mistress of lotus
Pier do you recall that every inch of
this land is part of my domain do you
recall which one is your son is it the
one lying in bed or the one standing
there you see what I [__] mean
you didn't have to okay I already said
it all right said it it's fine we're
moving on
she had repeatedly posed these questions
for many years now
of course Jane fitman replied
Madame you sneered you certainly do but
what does it matter there's not a single
day that Wei Ying will rest until he
stirs up some kind of trouble if I had
known better I would have forbidden him
from leaving and made him stay in Lotus
Pier would one Chao really have dared to
do anything to the two young masters of
the land clan of gutsu and the Jinn clan
of landling even if he had it would have
been their own bad luck who are you to
play the hero
whenever Jang fengmin was present Wei Wu
Shen was forced to Grant Madame you face
and not utter a single word in retort
but in his mind he thought wouldn't dare
to do anything to them yeah right that's
what I was thinking the exact goddamn
same thing weighing
I've made my point Madame you concluded
mark my words
one day he'll bring disaster on our
family
and Rose to his feet let's talk when we
get back talk about what Madam you
snapped get back where I'm speaking
right here I have no guilt on my
conscience either way Jing Chun come
here
caught between his parents zhangjang
hesitated for a moment before going to
stand by his mother's side Madame you
caught his shoulders and pushed Zhang
Chung in front of Jang fengmi and for
him to see SEC leader Jang it seems
there are some things that I must
clarify take a good look this this one
is your son by Blood
the future master of lotus Pier even if
you can't stand the sight of him because
he came from me his surname is still
Jang
you don't
say things like that around your kids
okay I refuse to believe you haven't
heard the gossip that after so many
years SEC leader Zhang is still obsessed
with a certain San Ren and sees his old
friend's son as his own everyone
speculates whether weighing is your
oh see I can't pronounce her name so
it's not going to come out as sharp as
it's a as it should you Z1
that was probably a bastardization James
barked Madam you shouted right back
do you think raising your voice changes
anything oh I know you they left still
arguing Madame use Furious voice only
grew progressively louder as they
departed and Jang fengmian argued back
as well forcibly suppressing his temper
Jing Chung stood rooted to the spot
stunned
after a long moment he shot wavushan a
look and turned to leave as well
called after him Jang Chung didn't
respond already already hurrying toward
the veranda weibushen had to roll out of
bed to chase after him lugging his stiff
sore body all the way
kept walking onward with his head down
Weber shed flew into her rage and
pounced on him seizing him by the neck
as he did answer me if you hear me you
looking for a fight get the hell back to
bed and stay there Zhang Chung yelled
nope we gotta clear the air and set
things straight weavershan said don't
you believe any of that nonsensical
[__]
what nonsensical [__] Jing Chun has
frostily the things that
because that foul the mouth when said
out loud said my mom and dad are real
people and have names I can't stand when
people blindly assign me to other
families
he put his arm around Zhang Chung's
shoulders and dragged him over to The
Veranda railings to sit down
let's talk openly instead of bottling up
these awkward feelings you are Zhang
shushu's son the future head of the Jang
clan of course Jang shushu will be
stricter with you Jing Jing regarded him
as guns but I'm Different Way wishen
continued I'm someone else's son my mom
and dad were both good friends with Jang
shushu so of course he's got to be nicer
to me you understand this logic right
Zhang Chung humped he's not strict with
me he just doesn't like me
who doesn't like their own son stop
imagining things the way wushan argued
I'll beat every single
when gossip hounds when I see them beat
them so hard their own moms won't
recognize them
it's true though Chung persisted he
doesn't like my mom and so by proxy he
doesn't like me either
this was difficult to rebute
the entire cultivation World knew that
you saw oh they just combined everything
that usan yunji
had been Jang femian's peer and
cultivation from a young age they had
known each other since their teenage
years Jing fengming was temperate in
character while usually won
was assertive in Stern
while they were well matched in status
they'd had little significant
interactions so no one assumed they
would pair up
and then kangstasandran emerged from The
Immortals mountain and joined the world
she established a friendship with Jang
famine while passing through yanmung
they had great Mutual admiration for
each other's skills and night hunted
together many times speculation abounded
that character was extremely likely to
become the next Mistress of lotus peer
to everyone's surprise it was around
this time that the ukland of maishan
proposed a marriage alliance with the
Jang clan of young Mung while the sect
leader of the Jang Clan at the time was
quite interested in this Union Jang
fengmin was not inclined to agree he
disliked yusuan's character and
personality and did not think the two of
them would make a good match
he politely declined The Proposal many
times but the uclaim of machine exerted
tremendous pressure on him for multiple
angles he was young and unestablished at
the time and soon after King's sonran
became cultivation partners with
chengza
um Jiang fengian's most loyal servant
the two left to travel far away lands
and Jang fengmian finally admitted
defeat
although Jing fang mean and yuzuwan did
marry they ended up a begrudgeon couple
no [__] [__]
they lived separately year round and
never saw eye to eye other than
consolidating the power of the two clans
it was hard to say what else was gained
from this Union
the Founding Father of the Jang clan of
young mung Jiang Chi came from a night
errant background
the family was exuberant honest
magnanimous and carefree in its ways all
of which were in complete opposition to
Madame you spirit
Jing Chung took after his mother and
looks and personality which had never
been to Jang femian's liking he had
tried to educate Jing Chung in a myriad
of ways but it had all been for naught
this is why it always appeared as though
he didn't favor his son
hand and stood up
I mean it is an unsatisfactory [__] of
a situation to be absolutely sure it is
like it is that's difficult and begging
for the dysfunction that we see
displayed here
doesn't make me doesn't excuse Madame
use Behavior or jinximions because even
though he might be the um
the lesser of two evils when it comes to
the parents he still carries a lot of
responsibility
but we like to especially the kids of
people but just in general we if there's
one really bad parent then we kind of
make an angel out of the other one and
that's not it's usually more complicated
than that it's usually a bit more
nuanced
um just because they might be
significantly better in some ways
especially in contrast to their partner
doesn't mean that like they're perfect
or without flaws or don't [__] up in
their own ways right
she says from experience
um but yeah it doesn't make me it
doesn't make me you know like Madame you
any bit more or less because you know it
also lets me understand her which she's
a complicated [__] woman but um and
like even according to the own their own
backstory
um
she's always to some degree had that
type of personality and then you put her
in an unhappy situation for her entire
[__] life and this is what you get
this is
exactly
what you get on [__] fortunately
Shrugged off way with Shan's hand and
stood up
I know I know that he doesn't like my
personality that I'm not the successor
he wants he ranted he doesn't think I'm
worthy of being the family head or that
I understand the Jang family's motto of
the precepts that I'm not a single bit
of Jane character in my bones I know
voice Rising higher Jameson continued
you and Len Wang ji slew The Shrine we
were Slaughter together what a brave and
bloody fight how commendable but what
about me teeth clenched he slammed a
fist onto the pillar of The Veranda I
ran around for days too I ran myself
ragged without even a second of rest
what do the family precepts matter way
wish I encountered do we have to follow
them just because they exist look at the
precepts of the land Clan there's over 3
000 of them if you obey every single one
how will you live
at
Lan Wang Ji
he hopped down from the wooden railing
and does the family head have to
exemplify every family trait obey every
family precept the Jain clan of young
monk has had so many family heads in its
history I refuse to believe they were
all the same even the land claim of
gustu produced an unusual case like
lanyi but who dares deny her strength
and position Who Dares not count her
among the renowned cultivators of the
land Clan who could deny her killing
Court technique
and of course way wishen would have this
position given his background and
his
position in the family he's
allowed not the right word
um
he's more enabled to think this way than
someone in Chung's position
which just sets up there
issues
quite beautifully God damn it mxdx
was quiet but he seemed to have calmed
down a little wait wishan put an arm
around his shoulders again when you
become the family head I'll be your
subordinate
we'll be just like our fathers who cares
about the twin shades of land
our young monk has twin Heroes so just
shut up who said you're not worthy of
being family head no one's allowed to
say that not even you say it and you're
asking to get beat
Jing turned and snorted and your current
state who are you gonna be he smacked
way within's chest while the brand had
already been treated with salvin
bandaged it still hurt to have it smack
so suddenly waitress and roared Ching
Chung you're dead
now you're in pain why did you play the
hero then serves you right that'll teach
you
was I playing the hero the situation
forced my hand I acted before I thought
truer words
encountered stop running and I'll spare
your little life I gotta ask you
something there was a perfume sachet
stuffed in my belt an empty one have you
seen it
the one man gave you Jake trying to ask
no
way we shouldn't let out a disappointed
noise oh what a shame I'll ask him for
another one next time
frowned there you go again you don't
actually like her do you the girls looks
are okay but her background's nothing of
note she she's probably the daughter of
some servant and might not even be a sex
disciple
just really just
ran right into that bee's nest what's
wrong with servants wait we Shane asked
aren't I the son of a servant too
are you two the same Jing Chang was
incredulous
who has a servant like you one whose
mistress peels them low to seeds and
makes them soup I haven't even gotten a
taste of that soup yet
if you want some then ask CJ to make
more Shan said by the way you mentioned
land gen earlier did he not leave a
message for me did anyone find his
brother yet how are things at his place
be dubs give me the download on land gen
by the way not that I care not that I'm
interested I just want to know
everything that's going on with the boy
you were hoping he left a message for
you Jing Jing snorted you're lucky he
didn't leave you with a stab wound he
went back home Lan Chichen hasn't been
found yet and then she ran is in a
terrible fix
wait we should continued his endless
questions what about the land family
head how is he passed away Jang Chung
replied
where was Shan blinks passed away the
image of land Wang ji's tear Street face
illuminated by the glow of firelight
flashed through his mind because that's
not even remotely homosexual at all Wei
wushan
how's Landen doing he blurted
how else could he be Xing said he went
back home father offered to send escorts
with him but he declined judging by how
he looked at the time he probably saw it
coming after all with things as they are
now no one's family is faring better
than anyone else's the two sat back down
on the railing again
so what's going on with lanci Chen way
with Chan asked didn't the winds burn
their Library Pavilion the land family
managed to salvage some of their tens of
thousands of ancient scriptures and
musical scores what they could what what
they could save was probably handed to
Lan Chi Chen so he could run off and
protect it otherwise everything would be
gone that's what everyone is guessing we
wish engaged at this guy for a moment
then commented disgusting yeah
yeah Jameson agreed the winds are
disgusting beyond belief Wei wishan
started to run his mouth
how long are they going to keep this up
we've so many Clans can we not just form
an alliance and yeah way mushan coming
up with the sunshot campaign before
anybody comes up with the sunshot
campaign
oh God and of course histrionics knocks
me off my place
there we are just then of course the
footsteps approached a group of boys in
light training robes dashed across the
long Veranda like monkeys shouting as
they ran
shouting something in Chinese as they
ran
ah
Dashi Shang
we'll go with that
Luciani cried in Delight I'm not a Dashi
Shang you've been resurrected
hey what do you mean resurrected was
indignant I was never dead
I hate her I [__] hate her so much
oh
God
I hate her I just hate her we are at the
top of page 97.
Dash Xiang we heard you slew a huge
four-century-old Yao Beast is that true
were you really the one who killed it
what I want to know is whether it's true
that you didn't eat for seven days you
haven't secretly been studying ah I need
to look up this word
in edia we'll go with that behind our
backs
how big was the Schwann room of
Slaughter could it have fit in Lotus
Pier this one would have Slaughter is
just a tortoise right
you you were with lenwangji from gusu
the whole seven days right he actually
didn't beat you to death
the somewhat solemn atmosphere was
instantly shattered into a complete
circus wabushan's injuries weren't all
that serious it was simply that they
hadn't been treated with medicine in a
timely manner and he'd exhausted himself
on an empty stomach but he had a strong
Constitution so once the brand on his
chest had himself slathered on it it
soon stopped burning with only a few
days of lying around he was full of
energy again after the incident with the
surround Slaughter at Mount Mushi the
educational office the when Clan
established that ji Shen was completely
dismantled the disciples all returned to
their respective Clans when Chow's side
wasn't pursuing the matter further for
the time being and Madame you took this
chance to give away with Shan a good
tongue lashing she ordered him to never
said so much as half a foot out of lotus
pure's Gates he was forbidden from even
rowing boats or swimming in the lake and
could only while away the day shooting
kites with the Jane Clan Juniors and sex
disciples
no matter how fun a game might be
playing it every single day grew dull
after half a month the boy's interest
waned further and further wait wishan
couldn't find it in himself to be
excited either and let his shots sail
off wherever they wanted for the first
time ever he led Zhang Chung take first
place a number of times
that day after the last round of
shooting had concluded way wishen cupped
his hands over his eyes and gazed at the
remnant rays of the Setting Sun
let's stop and pack up head home for
dinner
so early today Jing Chung asked wait
with Shan chucked his bow away and sat
on the ground looking downcast and
frustrated I'm not shooting anymore it's
boring who placed last go on and collect
the kites with lucidi
one of the boys said
you're so Sly you always make other
people do pickups what a cheat
maybe Shane strike I've got no choice
Madam you won't let me leave the grounds
you know she's at home right now isn't
she who knows maybe jinju and yinju are
crouched in some Corner watching so they
can report me at a moment's notice if I
sit a toe outside Madame me will Flay me
alive with her Lash
the city who came in last when she went
shooting joked around before they left
laughing to go collect kites jingxing
stood in a way with Shan sat and the two
chatted for a moment
James this year left this morning but
why is he not back yet will he make it
back in time for dinner and Madame you
and had another fight that morning
though fight wasn't quite the word for
it it was mad of you raging on her own
while Jang fengmyin mostly maintained
his manners throughout
he's gone to the wins again for our
swords hasn't he Jing Ching replied
revulsion showed on his face whenever I
remember that my sandus being manhandled
by some when dog I just
two better swords haven't accumulated
enough Chi way wishan commented if they
could steal themselves no one would
stand a chance at prying them out of
their sheaths if you cultivate for
another 80 years maybe Jing Chun
commented suddenly the shitty who had
gone on kite-fetching duty rushed back
into the drilling grounds of lotus
Pierre crying in alarm we've got a big
problem desha Xiang shishong bad news
waywashan immediately stood up what's
going on where's lucidi Jang Chung
demanded why are we down a person lucidi
had been the first one out the door
earlier but was now nowhere to be seen
one of the boys said still out of breath
lucidi was taken taken way Roshan picked
up his bow with weapon in hand he
demanded who took him why was he taken I
don't know the boy cried I don't know
why he was taken now Zhang Chung was
named and was anxious as well
what do you mean you don't know why
let's not lose our heads and said tell
us exactly what happened
just just when we just went out to
collect the kites they'd all fallen way
over there super far away the boy began
we went over and saw around a dozen
people they're from the Wen Clan they're
dressed in their uniforms there are sex
disciples and servants and the one
leading them was a young woman she had
one of the kites in her hand with an
arrow in it when she saw us she asked
who the kite belonged to another boy
said the kite belonged to lucidi so she
asked so he so he so he said it was his
the woman suddenly got all mad and said
how dare you and ordered her
subordinates to take him away just like
that wait with Shane said the boys
nodded we asked why they were taking
lucidi
and the woman kept saying he committed a
grave offense and harbored mutinous
intent she yelled for her lackeys to
take him away we couldn't do anything to
stop them so we ran back here Jing Chung
swore not even a reason to detain
someone are the ones looking to be gods
yeah that makes they make no sense at
all everyone stopped waitress and said
the winds will probably be knocking on
our door soon don't let them hear
anything that can be used against us let
me ask you that woman she wasn't
carrying a sword right was she kind of
pretty with a mole above her mouth
and just infuriating beyond all reason
yes that's her the group of shitty said
Jing Chang spat hatefully Wang Ling Zhao
that Justin a woman's cold Voice Was
Heard what's all the racket not even a
day of quiet around here with her purple
Robes of flutter Madame you approached
jinju and yinju were dressed in full
martial arts gear following behind her
and covering her left and right flank
mom the winds are here Jing Chung called
to her they've taken lucidi you're all
so loud I heard everything from inside
Madam you replied so what he was seized
not killed so quit so quick to stomp
your feet and Grate your teeth is that
how a future sect leader should act stay
calm
she then turned to face the main gates
that stood in front of the drilling
grounds over a dozen when cultivators
filed in all dressed in blazing sun
uniforms from behind the cultivators a
woman in colorful robes sashayed onto
the grounds
she was live and graceful in figure and
Charming in appearance her eyes
reflected the bright and clear waters of
Autumn and her lips were as red as
blazing fire with a tiny black mole
dotted above them
an exceptional Beauty except for the
fact that she'd festooned herself with
far too many gaudy hairpins and rings as
if she were trying her hardest to wear
an entire jewelry shop as well as flaunt
all the favor her nobleman showed her
the result was incredibly tasteless
she was the one way with Shan had sent
flying and spewing blood with a smack
back at you Shan Wang Ling Zhao Wang
Ling Zhao pursed her lips in a smile
Madam you I've come again Madame you was
expressionless seeming to think that
speaking a single word to this woman
would soil her mouth she waited until
Wang Ling Zhao descended the steps from
the main gates before she curtly
demanded why did you seize a disciple
for my Jane clan of young mung
sees Wang Ling Zhao asked you mean the
one we arrested outside it's a long
story let's go inside and sit down first
and we'll talk about it
a servant such as this walking through
the front doors of a prominent Clan
without prior notice or any request for
permission to enter a servant then
demanding so unapologetically to enter
the main hall to sit down and talk
Madame you's face was growing
progressively more frigid veins bulged
slightly on the back of her Fair hand
and the finger-wearing zidian silver
ring twitched go inside sit down and
talk she repeated
of course Wang Ling Zhao said the last
time I came to deliver other orders I
didn't have time to sit and stay a while
please go ahead
when he heard the word orders Jang Chung
snorted jinju and yinju's expressions
also darkened with anger but Wang Ling
Zhao was favored by Wen Chao and they
couldn't risk offending her which was
why no matter Muse expression was
Dripping with sneering disdain and her
tones soaked in contempt she still had
no choice but to accept
very well go in then
Wang Ling Zhao flashed a charming smile
before she really did flounce right
inside
although she'd said she wanted to go
inside and sit she didn't immediately
take a seat instead she strolled around
Lotus Pier ogling the grounds with
wrapped interest giving commentary as
she went
Lotus Pierre really isn't bad it's it's
big but it's just
it's just a real old
the wood is all black what an ugly color
not bright at all
Madam you you're kind of failing as a
mistress don't you know how to decorate
I think some red gauze curtains next
time that look much better
you ever watch somebody
go up with a sharp pointy stick and just
jab a tiger
you know
Wang Ling Zhao jabbed her finger all
around and criticized as she walked as
if this were her own back Garden all the
while Madame used brows twitched
non-stop so much so that way we Shannon
Zhang Chung suspected she might go
ballistic and kick off a killing spree
at any moment
once the commentary filled tour had
concluded Wang Ling Zhao finally took a
seat in the main hall though no one had
invited or conceded to her she walked up
to the head seat herself and
presumptuously sat down when no one came
to attend her after she'd sat a while
she frowned and smacked her Palm on the
table where's the tea
although she was decked out in dazzling
jewelry Her speech and behavior
reflected in no manners or education
what little Grace she possessed was
spoiled in hundreds of ways but after
that tour no one was surprised
Madame you sat down in the second seat
the hems of her expansive purple robe
and sleeves oh your expansive purple
Robin sleeves spread outward with the
motion accentuating her slender waist
and beautiful posture
jinju onion juice stood tall behind her
with mocking Smiles on their lips
there is no tea Yin ju answered pour it
yourself if you want it
Wang Ling zhao's eyes widened in
astonishment don't the Jinx servants do
any work
the Servants of the Jang family have
more important and serious matters to
attend to didn't you replied there is no
need to rely on an intermediary to fetch
tea and water your own arms and legs are
perfectly capable
eyed the two girls up and down and who
are you two my handmaids Madam you
answered Madam you your Jane Clan is too
outrageous Wang Ling Jazz said
disdainfully this won't do even
handmaid's dare interrupt people in the
main hall servants like those would have
been disciplined at the Wynn family
house with a slap to the face
saying that like you're not a servant
yourself way with Sharon thought Madame
you was completely unmoved jinju and
yinju are no ordinary servants they have
been by my side since they were young
and serve no one besides myself no one
no one can slap their faces it is
forbidden and besides no one would dare
Madame you what are you saying when
Lincoln asked the hierarchy within a
prominent Clan must be clear enough to
ensure no confusion servants ought to
act like servants said the servant
when she heard servants ought to act
like servants Madame you looked like she
couldn't have agreed more
she shot way we Shanna look then
responded with surprising agreement in
her hotty tone indeed but then she
immediately launched into questioning
for what reason have you seized my
jang's sect disciple Madame you had best
teacher what Madame you had best teached
that boy clearer boundaries when Ling
Zha replied he Harbors mutinous intent
I've already seized him and sent him to
the proper authorities
Madame you arched her brows mutinous
intent
Zhang Chung couldn't help
oh couldn't help butt interrupt but
there's no
but translation typo it's fine
what mutinous intense could leoshidi
Harbor
I've got proof Wang Ling jav declared
bring it here
a one sec disciple brought over a kite
Wang Ling Zhao waved it this is the
proof weibusan scoffed that kite's
painted to look like your
run-of-the-mill one-eyed monster what
kind of proof is that wingling Chef
sneered in response do you think I'm
blind look closely her vibrantly red
fingernails jabbed at the kite as she
confidently delivered her analysis what
color is this kite gold what shape is
this one-eyed monster round
and Madame you pressed and wedding Zhao
exclaimed Madame you have you not
noticed yet what does a round and golden
object resemble a sun amid the bug eyed
looks all around she smugly continued of
all the ways to design a kite why must
his be a one-eyed monster why must it be
painted gold could he not make it a
different shape a different color are
you all going to tell me this is a
coincidence I think not he's obviously
doing it on purpose shooting a kite
designed like this can mean only one
thing Sun shooting
he wants to shoot down the sun this is
grave disrespect toward the one clan of
shen is that not harboring mutinous
intent
God just reading her dialogue
makes me hate myself
ugh
seeing how clever she considered her
little performance and forced logic to
be Jang Chung could hold back no longer
although the kite is golden round it's
still far from looking like the sun how
are they similar it looks nothing like
it based on your logic we can't eat
oranges either way bushan added aren't
oranges golden round too but I think
you've eaten them more than once
sent him a death player I'm so glad that
that specific line made it into the show
oh
Madam you asked frostily so you came
here this time for the sake of a kite
of course not wailing Zhao assured her I
came this time to punish someone on
behalf of the when Clan and win gong XI
weishan's heart stopped for a second as
he suspected Wang Ling Zhao pointed at
him
it is 3 15. so we're gonna go ahead and
take our break that's a nice good little
mini Cliffhanger take a break on
um we will be back it's 3 50. uh I'll be
back around four so just like about 10
minutes just 10 minutes get up walk
around go to the bathroom do something
and um we will be back we're in the
middle of page uh 105.
and hello
bookmark
alrighty we'll be back in about 10
minutes
I'll see you guys well I was gonna say
in just a second but I'll see you guys
in 10 minutes
back at it again here we are welcome
welcome
to part two of today's reading
uh we probably will I mean considering
there's a pretty good
stopping point that we could get to
today I'd say even if we finish a little
bit early
um if we get there we're gonna we're
gonna stop
um
where is that
yeah it should actually be right on time
this book is just divided up in perfect
Perfect online reading form
alrighty we were in the middle
of page 105
dealing with a super annoying
[__]
to be honest let's see
yeah
's heart stopped for a second oh we can
still hear me right
yeah I got the high from I I got I got
the high from Petra
um but just to be paranoid because my
mic can be a little finicky
we're good we're good okay
now where was Shan's heart stopped for a
second as he suspected Wang Ling Zhao
pointed at him
while Wen gongxi was bravely facing the
Schwann Wu of Slaughter on Mount Mushi
this boy took advantage of his
distraction to make impertinent remarks
and cause chaos exhausting when gongs be
both physically and mentally he nearly
failed and even lost his sword
listening to her spin false tales and
fabricate lies Zhang Chung laughed out
of sheer anger on the other hand we
wishen remembered that Jang fengmin had
left early that morning they purposely
waited until this time to come or they
intentionally lured Zheng shushu out
but thank goodness whaling Jack
continued the heavens smile upon
weigungji although he lost his sword he
still succeeded in slaying the Schwann
room of Slaughter despite the danger but
the boy cannot be tolerated I've come
today bearing an order from Wang gong ji
Madame you must punish this person and
make an example of him for all of the
Jang clan of young Monk
mom Zhang Chung pleated quiet Madam you
barked at him
Wang Ling Zhao was very pleased with
Madame U's reaction
this way Ying if my memory doesn't fail
me he's a servant of the Jang Clan
correct SEC leader Zhang isn't with us
right now but I'm certain Madame you
understands the weight of things if the
Jane clan of young mung Shields him it
would really make one wonder if certain
rumors could be true
[Music]
she really um
she really sharpened her stick over the
break
she sat there in the head seat where
Jang fengmian always sat giggling with a
hand over her mouth with a stormy face
Madame you shifted her gaze away Jing
Chung sensed what her words implied and
exclaimed indignantly what rumors
Wang Ling Zhao giggled what rumors do
you think just SEC leader jang's old
love affair
seeing this woman dare to invent lies
about Jang fengmian to their faces rage
blazed up in Wei Wu Shan
angrily he started you
unexpected pain shot up his back and his
knees buckled Madame you had suddenly
moved and lashed him with her whip mom
Jing Chun Cried Out Madame you had
already risen to her feet zidion had
been Unleashed into its whip form and
its sizzling lightning coursed in her
cold jade-like hands Jing Chung move
otherwise you'll kneel too
we wish and crawled up off the floor
with difficulty move Jing Chung don't
worry about it
Madame you whipped again lashing him
back to the floor She gritted her teeth
I've said again and again for so long
that you
you unruly thing one day you'll bring
disaster on our Jang Clan
waiversary of Jing Chung away he took
the lashings with gritted teeth not
moving and not speaking
well Madame you always pelted him with
hostile words she'd never really hit him
hard before two or three lashes at most
are being made to kneel or confined
indoors and it never took Jang fengmian
long to release him from that but this
time he took dozens of hits from that
whip each lash so hard his back burned
with pain until it went numb
it was hard but he had to endure if he
wasn't punished right now to Wang Ling
zhao's satisfaction to the satisfaction
of the when clan of toshan then this
whole mess wouldn't end here
Wang Ling Zhao watched with a broad
smile on her face once Madame you was
done lashing zidian swiftly retracted
leaving way with Shan kneeling on the
floor his upper body swayed forward and
he almost fell over Zhang Chung wanted
to help him but Madame you scolded him
sharply stand aside do not help him
jinju and yunju firmly restrain
zhengchang waiushan held on a while
longer but then collapsed heavily to the
ground prone and unmoving Wang Ling Zhao
was astonished that's it
Madame Hugh humped what do you think
that's all Wang Ling Zhao prompted her
again
Madame you arched her brows what do you
mean that's all what grade of weapon do
you judge zidian to be he won't recover
from the slashing even in a month he'll
feel it for some time
but he'll still recover Wang Ling Zhao
said Jing Chung demanded angrily what
more do you want
Madame you this is meant to be a
punishment he must remember this lesson
Forever And Regret his actions for the
rest of his life so he doesn't commit
the same wrongs again wailing Zhao
lectured her
if he only suffers a few lashes he'll be
out and about again once he recuperates
what kind of punishment is that
Boise's age never remember the pain once
their injuries heal it doesn't work at
all
what do you want then Madam you demanded
chop off his legs to ensure he's never
out and about again
when gungji is kind Wang Lee Zhao
assured he would never order something
so brutal as chopping off both legs just
his right arm then when gong XI will say
no more about it
this woman was a donkey in a lion's skin
using Wen Chow as her backing she was
shamelessly out to avenge herself for
the blow away with Shan dealt her inside
mount nushi's underground cave
Madame you glanced at way with Shannon
scans
chop off his right arm that's right Wang
Ling Xiao replied
this name you
Z1
Rose to her feet and slowly paced around
Wei Wu Shen seeming to be considering
the idea weibusan was in so much pain he
could barely lift his head
Zhang Chung struggled free of jinju and
yinju and fell to his knees to cover way
wushan with his own body mom mom please
don't things weren't all like things
weren't at all like she said
Wang Ling ja raised her voice Zhang Xiao
gong ji are you accusing me of fabricing
lay prone on the ground unable to even
flip himself over fabricing
what's fabricing
that's the same question
then it suddenly came to him you mean
fabrication this woman used to be the
handmaid of Wen Chow's wife she's never
been educated in her vocabulary is
limited in going about feigning literacy
she used an unfamiliar word and
mispronounced it while pretending to
understand what she's babbling about
the current situation was Dire but in
times like these the human mind becomes
unable to focus amidst the chaos and the
imagination runs wild so once the
woman's Gaff clicked for way wushan he
found it quite funny
wailing Joe had no idea that she'd made
a fool of herself
carefully Madame you R1 clan of tushan
will definitely follow up on this chop
off his arm and let me bring it back
with my report and the Jane clan of
young mung will be perfectly fine
otherwise things won't go so well next
time when ganji asks questions
madame's eyes flashed with a chilling
glint jinju yunju go close the door she
said Darkly don't let others see the
blood
jinju and yinju would never disobey a
command for Madame you they answered a
brittle yes in unison then went to
firmly shut the doors of the main hall
when weibushan heard the doors closed
and saw the light on the ground vanish
Fierce surged to his head is she really
gonna chop off my arm
Zhang Chung was terrified he hugged his
mother's leg and begged her mom mom what
are you doing please don't cut off his
arm
after the fear passed we wishen clenched
his teeth and steadied his heart with
painful resolve that's fine as long as I
can trade it for peace at home take it
for all I care at worst I'll use my
[__] left hand to practice the sword
from now on
Wang Ling Zhao clapped
Madame you I knew you would be the most
loyal of subordinates to the one clan of
chuchen somebody come hold this boy down
no need for you to use your hands Madame
you said engine walked over
well now are you going to have your two
handmaids hold him down that works too
Mom Mom listen to me Jang Chen cried
please I beg you don't chop off his arm
if father finds out
it would have been better if he hadn't
mentioned Chang fingman
the moment he did Madame you's face
abruptly changed colors do not mention
your father in front of me so what if he
finds out what's he going to do kill me
Wang Ling Zhao was delighted oh Madam
you I admire you so much looks like
we'll get along very well of the
OverWatch office from now on
Madam you yanked back to him of her
purple silk shirt as well as the leg
Jang Chung was clinging to she turned
around and raised her brows the
OverWatch office
wailing Joe grinned yes yes the
OverWatch office that's the second
important matter I came to Young mung
for the one clan of chishen's new
inspection order will be building an
OverWatch office in every city I declare
that from today onward Lotus Pier is the
wind cleanse young monk OverWatch office
no wonder she had been wandering around
Lotus pair earlier making herself at
home she truly had claimed Lotus Pierre
as her new home in young mung over my
[__] dead body
over several dead bodies but over my
Zhang Chung's eyes were red what
OverWatch office this is my home
Wing Ling Zhao furred her brows Madame
you you have you have to manage your son
properly too all other cultivation Clans
have been the one clan subjects for
centuries how can he say things like my
home your home in front of the when
Clans Envoy
I was hesitant at first unsure if Lotus
peer could bear the responsibility of
being the OverWatch office what with it
being such an old place and all and
having produced a few Rebels but after I
saw how well you obeyed my orders not to
mention how well your temper suits my
taste I've decided to give this honor
she hadn't finished when Madame you
slapped her soundly across the face
foreign
both the power of the slap and the noise
It produced were earth-shattering
Wang Ling Zhao was sent whirling around
a few times from the force before she
fell to the ground her nose bleeding
profusely and making a mess of the floor
her pretty eyes were round and wide with
shock
there were a number of one sec disciples
inside the main hall their faces changed
color and they all Drew their swords
with a wave of Madame you's hand zidion
shot forth it slashed a half circle of
blinding purple light and felled every
Target within range
with poison Elegance Madame you walked
to Wang Ling zhao's side looking down at
her with palpable disdain she leaned
down and grabbed a handful of Wang Ling
zhao's hair hauling her head up to
deliver another Furious slap how dare
you lowly made her tolerance had run dry
and to be honest she never had much to
[__] begin with
Her Savage expression was inches from
Wang Ling zhao's lopsided and swollen
face which was written large with Terror
Wang Ling Zhao started shrieking
horribly ignoring the noise Madame you
gave her another slap which brought her
ear piercing screams to an abrupt halt
before you beat a dog check who its
Master is she bellowed you barge into my
home and see fit to punish my people on
my behalf who are you to act so insolent
here
she heaved Wang Ling zhao's head aside
and took out her handkerchief to wipe
her hands as if disgusted as if
disgusted to have touched such filth
jinju and yinju stood behind their
mistress wearing the same mocking Smile
as her
Wang Ling zhao's hands shook as she
cupped her face tears rolled down her
cheeks as she stammered threats you you
dare do this to me the when clan of
chishan and the Wang clan of Ying Chuan
won't let you get away with this
Madame you tossed the handkerchief to
the ground and kicked Wang Ling Zhao
back to the floor alongside it shut your
mouth she ordered you slowly made my
uclan information is an esteemed family
with centuries of History never have I
heard of some Wang clan of Ying Tuan
what vulgar hole did they crawl from are
they all worthless like you
hierarchy I'll teach you what hierarchy
is I am Superior and you are inferior
[Music]
oh
oh man oh
oh that's so that's so good that's so
good
to the side Jang Chung was helping the
prone way we Shan to his feet both were
completely dumbstruck at the scene that
had just played out
Madame you turned her head and signaled
with her eyes jinju and yinju understood
immediately and Drew their long swords
they circled the hall moving swiftly and
mercilessly to deliver a coup de gras to
each of the dozens and when disciples
seeing that her own turn was coming up
Wang Ling Zhao sputtered threats as she
put up a last-ditch struggle you
do you silence me you think when gongxi
doesn't know where I am right now you
think he'll let you off when he finds
out
yunju sneered you say that as if he's
already let us off
I'm close to when gongji very close I'm
his woman Wang Ling Zhao exclaimed if
you dare lay your hands on me he'll
Madame you raised her hand and slapped
her again
foreign
chop off our hands or our legs burn down
our residents
send people to raise Lotus peer to the
ground establish an OverWatch office
here
well
Ginger approached with sword in hand
fear filled Wang Ling zhao's eyes she
cowered and scrambled backward kicking
out her legs as she streaked men help
when Julius save me
Madame use expression hardened she
stomped her heel down hard on Wang
lingia's wrist and Drew her sword just
as the blade was about to come slashing
down it was suddenly struck back with a
clang
turned their heads to look the doors to
the hall blew thunderously open as a
tall strapping man broke through he was
dressed all in black and wore a sullen
expression it was when Chow's personal
Bodyguard the one with remarkable
cultivation when Julia
when with her sword knocked out of her
hand Madame you held zidion level with
her chest core melting hand when Julie
coldly returned the courtesy purple
spider
Madame used foot was still firmly
planted on Wang Ling ja's wrist the
latter's face was contorted with pain
and tears and snot flowed freely flowed
freely as she wailed when Julia when
Julia hurry up and save me
Madam you snorted when Julio core
melting hand isn't your original
isn't your original name Jiao Julia your
surname clearly isn't when and yet you
insist on changing it at any cost
look at the lot of you falling all over
yourselves to do it is the one dog's
name that valuable
forgetting your roots and turning your
back on your ancestry how laughable
unmoved when Julia replied stoically
each for his own master
they had only exchanged a few words but
already Wang Ling Zhao had had enough
and started shrieking again when Julio
can't you see the state I'm in right now
why are you still wasting time chatting
with her instead of killing her when
gongxi told you to protect me and this
is how you do it you'd better watch it
or I'll report you and they'll be held
the pay
Madame you ground her heel into her
wrist and Wang Ling Zhao screeched in
pain and burst into More Tears
when Julia wrinkled his brow it was on
when rohan's orders that he protected
Wen Chao whose character he disliked to
begin with
how could he have known that things
would only get worse from there with Wen
Chao assigning him to protect Wang Ling
Zhao the woman was pompous boastful and
stupid not to mention vicious all of
which incurred when Julie's displeasure
but unhappy as he was he couldn't Define
when Rohan and when Chow's orders and
Crush her like an ant
King we've been
um
we were kind of left to infer this in
the show
um which ultimately I feel like was the
right choice for such a not even
tertiary but like I feel like even lower
than that on the character hierarchy
um for someone like him it would have
been kind of weird to try to go out of
your way to like explicitly State this
possibly but um it is it is really nice
to get just like this little paragraph
confirming what the Untamed implies
fortunately Wang Ling Zhao detested when
Julio in equal measure and ordered him
to only follow her from afar he was not
permitted to show himself before her
unless she ordered him to out of sight
out of mind but the woman was now on the
verge of losing her life and when chow
would definitely fly off the handle and
make him pay if he stood by and did
nothing
and if one child wouldn't let the batter
drop neither would win Rohan
pardon my offense when Julie you said
nothing but posturing Madame you scoffed
zillion World toward when julieu who
raised his large hand and seized it
without the slightest concern
in its whip form zidian course
pardon me in its whip form zidian
coursed with currents of spiritual power
its intensity and lethality were under
the absolute control of its master and
Madame you had long burned burned to
slaughter every last one of these one
dogs
furthermore she was deeply apprehensive
of when julieu the current of spiritual
power that hurdled at him was thus
deathly Fierce and yet when Julius
seized it so effortlessly
zidian had never encountered such an
opponent in all its years of existence
seeing the whip be seized Madame you
stalled for a fleeting second and Wang
Ling Zhao used this chance to scramble
away she fumbled a signal Flare from her
robes and shook it twice a flash of fire
shot forth from the tube with a sharp
whistle and broke through the wooden
window to explode in the sky she fished
out a second then a third with her hair
disheveled she rambled here here come
over here all of you come here
gritting his teeth against the pain Wei
Shan gave Zhang Chung a shove don't let
her send off any more signals
Jing Chang let go of why would Shannon
rushed to chase after Wang Ling Zhao but
when julieu rushed Madame you in that
moment and it looked like his blow was
going to land mom cried Jiang Chung he
immediately abandoned Wang Ling Zhao and
threw himself over when Julia didn't
even look back as he struck out with his
palm not by a long shot the blow hit
Zhang's Chung's shoulder and blood burst
from his mouth the greatest blue night
sky was filled with resplendent light
and shrill whistles
Wayne Ling Zhao had set off all the
signal flares seeing Zhang Chung injured
Madame you howled with rage in a split
second the light of zidian's spiritual
power Amplified enormously flaring so
bright it was dazzlingly white
the sudden discharge from zidian flung
when Julie hard against the wall jinju
and yinju each Drew long whips sizzling
with electricity and began to engage him
in combat the handmaids had been very
close to Madame you ever since they were
young and trained under the same teacher
so their combined attacks were forced to
be reckoned with
using the time to spot her Madame you
lifted the immobilized Zhang Chung and
Wei Wu Shen one under each arm and
dashed out of the hall there were still
many SEC disciples gathered in the
drilling grounds Madame you barked fall
into formation and Gear Up
she rushed to the dock carrying the two
boys there were always seven or eight
small boats more to add Lotus Piers dock
which were used by the Jang disciples to
roam the lake and pick lotuses Madam you
tossed them onto a boat and jumped on as
well then grabbed Zhang Chung's hand to
help him call him his Chi since he was
not severely injured Zhang Chung only
coughed up a mouthful of blood
mom what should we do he asked what do
you mean what should we do Madame you
replied can't you see they came prepared
this battle was unavoidable a horde of
when dogs will descend at any moment
leave now both of you
since I feel
battle
also they came prepared like this was
going to happen
important points for so many reasons
what about CJ way wishan asked CJ went
to meishan that uh went to my shed the
day before yesterday if she comes back
here shut your mouth Madame you snapped
at him this is all because of you you
little this is all your fault
did we not
this fight was inevitable and it's like
not it's not inevitable I mean maybe she
believes it is but it's actually not
inevitable because Wei Wu Shen did what
he did if they had plans for Lotus Pier
to become an OverWatch office they were
always going to do this they were going
to find some lame-ass excuse even if
they only had the stupid kite thing to
go on right they were always going to
find some lame-ass stupid ass dumbass
one clan reason
to take or try to take Lotus Pier
that's important damn it considering the
rest of the goddamn timeline
way wishen could only fall silent Madame
you removed zidian's silver ring from
her right finger and slipped it onto the
same finger on Zhang Chung's hand
stunned zhangshan asked Mom why are you
giving me zidion
it's yours now that I've given it to you
madam you replied zidian has already
acknowledged you as its master
Jing Chang looked lost
mom are you coming with us
Madame you gazed at his face all of a
sudden she pulled him into a hug she
pressed a couple of kisses into his hair
as she held him in her arms
my dear boy she murmured
she hugged him so tight it was as if she
yearned to turn Jing Chung into a tiny
baby once more and stuff him back into
her belly so no one could ever hurt him
or tear them apart whoa what is what is
this what is this what is this
you know I expected it in other ways but
like this what is this
Jing Chung had never been hugged by his
mother like this before let alone kissed
in such a way
his head lay buried in her chest his
eyes wide in shock he was at a complete
loss as to how to react
one arm hugging Jang Chung Madame you
seized weibusan by the collar with her
free hand looking like she wanted to
choke him to death you damn brat she
hits through clenched teeth hateful how
absolutely hateful look what disaster
you've brought on our family
ah way wishen's chest heaved violently
and words failed him this time he was
not forcing himself to endure in silence
or mentally grumbling retorts he was
truly rendered speechless
I feel like that would be a painful
thing to look for but
if we could get like a tally of all the
time was like genuinely and legitimately
rendered speechless
I'm pretty sure that list is probably
it's either full of intense trauma or
intense gayness I feel just a guess
anxiously asked again mom are you coming
with us
Madam You released him at once and
pushed him underway wushin she leapt
onto the dock and the little boat rocked
from side to side on the lake from the
action
finally understood jinju yinju the
disciples and the spiritual weapons and
heirlooms that had been passed down
through the janklin of young monk for
Generations they were all in Lotus Pier
there was no way to evacuate all or even
any of them on such short notice a
fierce battle would no doubt break out
very soon as the Mistress of the house
Madam you could not retreat but she
feared for her son and an act of
selfishness and Desperation she was
forcing them to escape
knowing the extreme danger that waited
after they parted Zhang Chung was
stricken with panic he stood up and
attempted to follow her off the boat but
a current suddenly sparked from zidion
it transformed into an electric cord
that wrapped around that wrapped and
bound them both securely on the boat
rendered completely immobile
mom what are you doing Jane Chung cried
out stop making a fuss Madam you said it
will release its grip when you reach a
safe place zidion will protect you if
you encounter any danger along the way
don't come back head straight from my
Shen and look for your sister
she then turned and pointed at Wei
wushan instructing him sharply weighing
heed me protect Zhang Cheng as well even
in death you have to keep him safe do
you understand
Madam you weibusan called out do you
understand Madame you rage save me all
your other nonsense I'm only asking you
one thing do you understand
unable to break free of ziti and
weibusan could only give a heavy nod
mom Jing Chung shouted father isn't back
yet whatever happens can't we try to
face it together
At The Mention Of Jang fengmian Madame
you's eyes seemed to Redden for a moment
after a moment she loudly cursed if he
doesn't come back then so be it do you
think I can't manage without him
she branded her sword and cut the rope
that tethered the boat to the dock then
gave the side of the boat a heavy kick
this kick paired with the rapid currents
of the river in strong wind immediately
sent the boat drifting out a dozen
meters it Whirled around a few times
before beginning to sail smoothly and
swiftly down the center of the river
let loose a heartbreaking whale oh Mom
he called for her dozens of times
but Madame you and Lotus Pierre receded
further and further into the distance
after the boat had drifted far away
Madame you walked back through the main
gates of lotus Pier with a flash of
purple robes long sword in hand
both Jing Chung and Wei Wu Shan did all
they could to struggle free Didion did
not loosen an inch even as it began to
dig into their flesh from their attempts
howled like a furious madman as he
thrashed why is it still not breaking
come on break
weirushen had just taken a dozen lashes
from zidion and was still in agony he
knew it was impossible to break free
that it was all in vain remembering that
Zhang Chung had sustained injuries as
well he endured the pain and tried to
speak
Chang calmed down Madame you might not
lose against core melting hand didn't
she beat when Julia back earlier how can
I calm down how Jing Chung roared even
if she killed when Julio that [__] Wang
Ling Joe already shot off all those
signals what if the wend dog see and
send forces to besiege our home
we wish I knew very well that it was
impossible for him to calm down but
there had to be at least one clear head
between the two of them just as he was
about to continue talking his eyes
suddenly lit up Jiang shushu he shouted
Jinx your shoe was back
sure enough another vessel on the river
was sailing toward them
Jang fengmian stood at the bow of the
large boat his robes flapping in the
sailing wind as he gazed and load his
Piers Direction
there were over a dozen SEC disciples
Milling on Deck as well
father father Jing Chung shouted
Jing fingman had seen them as well and
appeared slightly shocked at the site
one of the SEC disciples took up the ore
to approach still in the dark about what
had just transpired Jen fengmi and asked
an astonishment achon a Ying what
happened to you two
the boys of lotus Pierre often played
weird games it was a common sight to see
them pretending to be bloody corpses
sprawled face down in the water jangfang
me an uncertain if they were in the
middle of a new game didn't realize the
gravity of the situation Zhang Chung
however was so happy he was driven to
tears with panicked urgency he urged
father father free us quickly
that is your mother zidion and zidion
knows who its Masters are Jing fang mean
said it probably won't allow me to he
reached out to zidion as he spoke and
had only just touched it when it
unexpectedly retracted itself obediently
it instantly transformed into a ring and
coiled around one of his fingers Jang
fang man properly froze at the site
zidion was a top grade spiritual weapon
that belonged to yuzuen
and her will was its first and foremost
command it could acknowledge multiple
Masters but in an order of hierarchy and
Madame you was undoubted oh but in an
order of hierarchy hierarchy and Madame
you was undoubtedly its Undisputed
primary Master she had commanded it to
bind Jiang Chung until he was safe which
was why zhangjang could not break free
even though he was one of its recognized
Masters
it appeared Jang fengmian had been
recognized as zidian's secondary Master
though there was no telling when that
had happened it had judged them Safe in
His presence and therefore loosened The
Binding however Madame you had never
mentioned that cheat instructions she'd
instructed zidian to acknowledge Jing
fengmian as a master
finally separated
threw themselves apart and collapsed
what is going on Jing femian questioned
why were you two sitting in a boat Bound
by zidion
Chang clutched onto him as though he
were a Lifeline today the winds came to
our home mom got into a dispute with
them and started fighting with core
melting hand I'm scared she'll be
outnumbered someone set off signal
flares so there might be even more
enemies on the way
father let's hurry back together to help
her let's go now
the SEC disciples all appeared shocked
to hear this core melting hand Jing fang
mean repeated Jing Chun confirmed that's
right father we before he could finish
there was a flash of purple light and
Zhang Chung and Wei Wu Shan were once
again bound
both of them fell back into the boat in
the same position as before
Jing Ching was stunned father
I will go back James said you two will
leave do not look back and do not return
to Lotus Pier once ashore immediately
find a way to head for my Shen to look
for your sister and grandmother
cried out
once the shock passed changing
frantically kicked to the side of the
boat sending it rocking incessantly
father release me let me go
I will go back to find some to find
sanyeongji
huh
James stated
Jing Chun glared at him can't we go back
to find her together
Jake Femme engage steadily at him he
suddenly reached out his hand paused in
mid-air for a moment before slowly
stroking Jing Chung's head
achung be well
Jiang shishu weibusan pleaded he'll
never be okay if anything happens to you
mean shifted his gaze over the weibusan
look after our Chung
he returned once more to his large
vessel both boats brushed past each
other then drifted further and further
apart Zhang Chun screamed in despair
dad
and that's how part one of chapter 12.
ends
yeah
that's um
that's where we get to stop for today
lovely wonderful good times not
emotional at all uh-huh
interesting that Jan Lee
was not there
um
I mean I believe correct me if I'm wrong
but I believe that you know their dad
was coming from the same place so it
kind of
only made sense
I mean it made perfect sense to change
it to yanli being there because that
saves some narrative time
um for the show but it's also like
even more brutal when Jan Lee is there
for very obvious reasons you have all
three you have all three of them
there and sobbing and that was the point
in the show or maybe it was the episode
immediately no because it
um because episodes this well that whole
scene that whole sequence with the boat
and everything is like split in half or
like split oddly between the end of one
episode and the beginning of another
um and I can't exactly remember where
one begins and ends but this was the
moment where we saw Yun Lee like cry for
the first time I believe and that was
the moment I introduced alcohol into the
series because
[__] that no not happening not enduring
Yun Lee sad at all ever and so for them
to put her on the boat just made it
so much more brutal but on the other
hand it's interesting from a character
perspective and like it's kind of a
thought experiment to compare the two it
being just young
on the boat for that period of time and
to have that experience like just
together right compared to all three of
them being together I feel like it's one
of those things where it's kind of a
it just comes down to I guess like your
preference and like from a writing
perspective it's kind of a win-win
situation there are certain narrative
pros and cons and not even really cons
just different things like you can't uh
you you automatically can't have a
certain effect if you have uh just the
two of them just like you can't have a
certain effect if you have all three
that kind of thing it really comes down
to
um
uh writing preference and all that jazz
so it's really interesting
to think about especially if you're
talking about like how it affects
not just the relationships that William
Shan has with his siblings
um but what it takes on way wu-shan has
like a whole I think there's a lot to
debate there alone
um
because like regardless it was firmly
imprinted on Wei Wu Shan it had always
been firmly imprinted on him but
obviously in that moment and considering
what happens
after that moment
um it becomes like an even more deeply
embedded part of his psyche that
zhengchang is essentially inherently
worth more than Wu Shan is like wushan
exists to protect and ensure the
longevity of Zhang Chung at any cost to
him
um it was interesting to see it
specifically worded in
the book because it was like
because that's not explicitly stated
it's not like listen you're trash Jang
Chung is the person who matters it
doesn't matter what happens to you as
long as Jing Chung is fine that's not
specifically stated but at the same time
you can totally see through the whole
family dynamic
how Wei Wu shin
receives that message over time and then
how he takes that to the instagree in
his mind after all of this
so really really interesting character
stuff
this is like a real pivotal moment for
all three of the young mung Trio
um
but uh in very different ways this I
mean this will also be a good
opportunity you know to compare and
contrast Yan Lee being there or not
because that makes a huge difference for
her as well
what an interesting difference
I would probably
being you know
trauma [__]
um I do feel like it hits harder even
harder with Yan Lee there
so if that's really what you're going
for in that moment and you don't want to
um and like that's worse and you're like
sacrificing any kind of emphasis that is
put on Zhang Chung and wushin
um then that would be the one you go for
um but it really it just depends it just
kind of depends
huh
I mean yes there is also the fact that
you only should have all the screen time
forever and ever amen yes there is that
um she does I did hear that I did hear
that Yan Lee got more screen time in the
show
which is automatically going to be a
plus in the show's column for me
but we we could we could pretty much
guess that
yeah if only if only Jing Chung's
parents could sit down and actually talk
but their personalities being what they
are
oh she's so good at that mxtx is so good
at setting up a situation where you
understand why it happens the way it
happens it almost really couldn't happen
any other way and yet you're sitting
there like if they could just talk but
you know why they have never just talked
just from both a background thing and
also a fundamental personality thing
like you understand why they've never
been able to
sit down and connect or hash out
anything or actually deal with anything
it's really it's so [__] sad
and kudos to mxtx for Madame you in
general who's a very complex character
who we don't even you know she's
she's not very high up on the on the
totem pole of importance
uh when it comes to like main characters
of this series you know
but she really she's an excellent
example of a very very well drawn and
nuanced supporting character
um
and it's real hard to
come down on one side or the other
I feel like I feel like Madame you is
the way
um
the way uh Snape is to Harry Potter
I feel like she inspires a lot of
similar debates
I feel like Snape is actually an even
more clear-cut case than Madame you I
think Madame you is um even more just
kind of evenly keeled of yes this but
also this
but also this like she's she's more
she's more deadlocked for me she's more
like a dead ass tie
um between
her positive and and negative
um and even how she ends is still really
locked because it's like you can't
oh you just can't forgive her for some
things but at the same time it's She's
Not Just total heinous
[__] from with no redeeming like she's
made so Madame you is so fascinating
anyway anyway
rambling aside
um that is it for today it is the same
time same deal on Thursdays thank you
guys so much for tuning in I hope you
had a good time I do go back and read
all of the live comments so if you want
to tell me what you were doing this hour
and a half to two hour period what kind
of projects you were working on I am
always down for hearing about that and
um I will hopefully see you guys
Thursday remember if you can't make a
live stream it's totally fine they go up
public the second they end so you will
not have to wait to see it or fall
behind or anything like that
um and hopefully I will see you guys on
Thursday please please as always take
care of yourselves and we're probably
going to get ready to have some big
major emotional crying tears of pain on
Thursday so I'll see you back here for
that all right you guys have a good one
I love you